Fix redirected URLs (#232)
ultralytics/yolo-ios-app: YOLOiOSApp/README.md

Ensure you have the following before you begin:

- **Xcode:** The app requires [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) installed on your macOS machine. You can download it from the [Mac App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835).

> - **iOS Device:** An iPhone or iPad running [iOS 16.0](https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/iphone-models-compatible-with-ios-26-iphe3fa5df43/ios) or later is needed for testing.

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This new target URL now points to an iOS 26 compatibility page, while the sentence is documenting the minimum supported version as iOS 16.0 or later. That mismatch is likely to confuse readers and may imply the app specifically depends on iOS 26-era device support.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
- **iOS Device:** An iPhone or iPad running [iOS 16.0](https://www.apple.com/os/ios/) or later is needed for testing.
```
